Let's move on to our next two tests.
All we're going to be doing here is making sure that a title and a price are provided.
If they are not, we're going to want to make sure that we return some kind of air to the user.
So let's write out our test implementation first.
So in this first one, let's attempt to send in a request with some kind of invalid title.
Now, we haven't really said exactly what makes a title invalid.
So for right now, let's assume that if we put in a empty title or no title at all, we should get back
some kind of air.
So I'm going to write out a wait request to app.
I want to make a post to API tickets.
I'm going to make sure this thing is authenticated.
So we're going to set that cookie.
With Global sign in.
I'll then send along some data.
So what data are we going to send here?
Well, again, we want to make sure that the title is what we think is going to be valid or invalid,
and we want to make sure that the price is valid.
So I will first put in a title of How about empty string?
And I'll put in a price of something that looks kind of valid to me.
So I'm going to put in a number here of ten.
Now, you might recall we had a diagram a little bit ago that said we were going to send in price as
a string.
We'll just ignore that for right now.
So let's say price is going to be a number.
So how are we going to say that this should result in some kind of error?
Well, once again, let's think about how we handle invalid request or invalid request data.
If we go back over to our common module, you might recall that we've got a middleware that we put together
to help us validate incoming requests.
So if something about the incoming request was not valid, we would throw a error of request validation
error.
Let's go take a look at what that era really looks like.
So inside my ears directory, again, inside the common module, I will find request validation here.
And so something is wrong.
With the incoming request.
We return a status code of 400 along with the actual error messages and whatnot.
I don't really want to sweat the error messages right now.
I kind of just want to make sure that we get back a status code of 400.
So back inside of my test.
After making this invalid request, I will expect a status code of 400.
If we want to be even a little bit more complete, we could make that same request a second time.
And in the second request we could say, let's not even send along a title at all.
So if we send a title that is empty, or if we don't send a title in both cases, we should be marking
that request as invalid.
Well, that looks good to me.
So I'm going to save the file.
And it looks like we've got our failed test.
Now we could go and fix up our handler right away, but let's just continue and write out the test for
invalid price as well, because it's going to be just about identical to what we did right here.
So I'm going to copy one of these request blocks again and move it down to the price stuff.
So for price, let's take the same kind of approach.
Let's first try to send in some data that feels like it should probably be invalid, and we'll try to
send in another request that doesn't even have the property we're talking about at all.
So I'm going to actually paste that thing in twice.
On the first one, I will send in a title that is probably going to be valid.
And the reason I'm saying probably here again is because we have not set up any validation rules yet.
I'm just kind of taking a guess on what we probably want to have.
So now on the first one, I'm going to provide a price that is present, but probably not a valid value.
So in this case, I'm going to put in negative ten.
Chances are we probably don't want a user listing stuff for negative values.
So we're probably going to want to say that a price has to be greater than zero.
And so this right here should probably result in some kind of error.
Then on the second one, we will once again put in a valid title, but I won't put in a price at all.
Yes.
That looks good.
Save this again.
We'll back over.
And we now have both of our validation tests failing.
Okay.
That's good.
So let's go over to our actual request handler.
Here it is right here.
I don't want to have this video running too long.
So let's take a quick pause right here and we'll start to put in some logic to validate that income
request in just a moment.